Isn't he ordinary?
Why so powerful
This is my man.
you
Why are you so amazing
sit down
Why don't you tell the king?
Talk too much
You have to die
They all underestimate you
When you are not a master
This is your final strength
No wonder you dare to say that both hands are fists
Upper Grandmaster
Is it possible that you also want to ask
Hahaha, I have already entered the realm of land immortals
How can I not see through your trivial Dadong?
Who in my eyes is just big eyes
If you are wise, please kneel down obediently
Let me kneel
Are you not good enough for serum?
Lu Yun is amazing
How could he possibly be a rival to the left?
Hahaha, give an order to the left.
The classroom is like a mountain
Our family
Completely over
See how self-aware your family is
I suggest you kneel down and kowtow obediently
I am not just Daxia Zuoxia
And the leader of the Pantheon Alliance
You are also worthy of my plan